Higher-Order Functions (#2044)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/language/0it_06_higher_order_functions.md

    * i need a function that does nothing: Fun.id
    * my function is backwards: flip
    * my function takes too many params:
        * if you can, name it
        * partial application in pipelines
        * they're in the wrong order
            * lambda wrappers (fun x -> f 123 x true)
-->

## Introduction

In OCaml, working with functions quickly becomes second nature. We like to think that _functions describe the world_, and like that, we usually write functions that describe how something behaves.

Take for example a function that says hello to a person by name:

```ocaml 
# let say_hi name = print_string ("Hello, " ^ name ^ "!\n") ;;
val say_hi : string -> unit = <fun>
```

We can call this function several times, to say "hello" to several people:

```ocaml 
#say_hi "Xavier";;
Hello, Xavier!
- : unit = ()

# say_hi "Sabine";;
Hello, Sabine!
- : unit = ()

# say_hi "Joe";;
Hello, Joe!
- : unit = ()
```

If we wanted to say "hello" to the same person multiple times, we'd just _repeat_ the same line of code.

```ocaml 
# say_hi "Camel";;
Hello, Camel!
- : unit = ()

# say_hi "Camel";;
Hello, Camel!
- : unit = ()

# say_hi "Camel";;
Hello, Camel!
- : unit = ()
```

> One way we can avoid having to repeat this lines every time by writing a function to say "hi" 3 times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way we can avoid having to repeat these lines every time is by writing a function to say "hi" 3 times:
```
